[reference] Added macro docs (#70)
MystenLabs/move-book: reference/src/generics.md

}
```

### `_` Type

In some cases, you might want to explicitly annotate some of the type arguments, but let the
compiler infer the others. The `_` type serves as such a placeholder for the compiler to infer the
type.

```move
let bar = Bar<u64, _> { x: 0, y: vector[b"hello"] };
//                 ^ vector<u8> is inferred
```

> The placeholder `_` cannot be used in any signatures, only in expressions. This means function
> signatures, constant signatures, and datatype fields cannot use the `_` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The placeholder `_` may only appear in expressions and macro function definitions, not signatures. This means function
parameters, function return types, constant types, and datatype fields cannot use `_` as part of their definition.
```
